---
title: "366"
icon: "/img/music/366.png"
date: "2024-12-31"
summary: "From respectably ridiculous to properly pretty, this is 366."
colour: "#fb464f"
links:
    - name: "Bandcamp"
      to: "https://worldwidepixel.bandcamp.com/album/366"
    - name: "Spotify"
      to: "https://open.spotify.com/album/4L894K0dnCGhjzCAiz5dvf"
    - name: "Apple Music"
      to: "https://music.apple.com/album/366-ep/1788000821"
---

## From respectably ridiculous to properly pretty, this is 366.

Happy 2025, and thank you.

This year has been an incredible journey, and I can't help but be infinitely grateful to the many people who have helped me along the way. Being one of my 'December projects' this year, all music composed in this album was made this month. Even so, I've tried to venture out into new musical territories with this project. From respectably ridiculous to properly pretty, this is 366. I hope this coming year is even better than the last!

<3, WWP

### Song notes

**Sunrise** and **Daybreak** are one song, split into two for the hell of it. I think I made it because I wanted to make something using ridiculous percussion? (that being the a spoon and a mug)

**Incapable of Feeling** and **366** were made shortly after the wrapping of ModFest 1.21. Both are in their own way me saying what was left unsaid by **Bastille**, from the soundtrack. Before this I hadn't really tried more fast-paced non-ambience before, and it was really fun!

**Medley for a Game That Will Never Exist** was not created in any way to be used in any video game. Mainly, it was made to try out some new sample plugins and techniques. Split into four main parts- I'd say going from bombastic to dramatic to emotional to confident, it was my way of making four track without finishing four tracks.

**Smell the Wildflowers** is a love letter to 2024, and a thank you to those who have made it one of the best years of my life. I wish the them the best. It, as the title implies, is based on **Wildflower**.
